I present you conversion cafe on
bionic x factor
this year of management and take market in
compression socks
and you already know that they have the kind of
water than compression swords the
Gender them here because this integer
I compete
product presentation of socks
Of compression
you're watching is a casting of
competition that sells your green complaint with
black
very beautiful presented then we will have the
performance
This conversion sock is great
for all types of workouts
recovery
in green box
on ice for white competition for
for workouts and the green of the
Recovery
then I will give you a detail of how they are
closer
but in general
is johnny in the sector is higher
thermoregulation greater comfort greater
compression and always a very light weight
that's the let's say the generic basis of
that all conversion points
you will see what difference it is very much
better as well as more
for everything because of its former comfort
Well, conversion as
I'm glad to say no to something needs me like
a glove
how is it to have
yes